Overhaul AI Gateway docs for new architecture (#2196)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/guides/debugging.mdx

---
title: Debugging
description: Diagnose AI Gateway request failures on gateway.ngrok.ai.
---

## gateway.ngrok.ai

> For the current AI Gateway at `https://gateway.ngrok.ai`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When troubleshooting issues with the current AI Gateway at `https://gateway.ngrok.ai`:
```
